****1.*** When the app is started, the user is presented with the main menu, which allows the
user to (1) enter or edit current job details, (2) enter job offers, (3) adjust the comparison
settings, or (4) compare job offers (only enabled if there are either at least two job offers or at least one job offer with a current job).*

- To realize this requirement, I created a **MainMenu Class** as the **Entry Point** to the system which will show up first once the app is started and allow the user to choose one of these following four operations: `enterOrEditCurrentJob()`; `enterJobOffers()`; `adjustComparisonSettings()`; `compareJobOffers()`. These four operations correspond to four different classes. Particularly, `compareJobOffers()` will invoke **JobCompare Class** that firstly verify if there are either at least two job offers or at least one job offer with a current job to compare by using `verifyJobOffers()` operation.   

****2.*** When choosing to ​enter current job details, ​a user will: (1) Be shown a user interface to enter (if it is the first time) or edit all of the details of their current job. (2) Be able to either save the job details or cancel and exit without saving, returning in both cases to the main menu. ***3.*** When choosing to ​enter job offers, ​a user will: (1) Be shown a user interface to enter all of the details of the offer, which are the same ones listed above for the current job. (2) Be able to either save the job offer details or cancel. (3) Be able to (a) enter another offer, (b) return to the main menu, or (c) compare the offer (if they saved) with the current job details.*

- To realize this requirement, I created a **Job Class** as a **Parent Class** which has all related job details as attributes and some operations like `enter/edit/save/cancelJobDetails()`. Then I created a **CurrentJob Class** as a **Child Class** which can inherit all attributes and operations from its parent class. I also created a **JobOffers Class** as an another **Child Class** so that it can not only inherit all attributes and operations from its parent class but also provide its own operations for the user. In specific, `compareWithCurrent()` is a boolean to check if the user click this button to compare. 

****4.*** When ​adjusting the comparison settings, ​the user can assign integer ​weights to other parameters.*

- To realize this requirement, I created a **ComparisonSettings Class** which has a variety of integer weights as attributes and `assignWeights()` as the only operation.

****5.*** When choosing to ​compare job offers, ​a user will: (1) Be shown a list of job offers, displayed as Title and Company, ranked from best to worst (see below for details), and including the current job (if present), clearly indicated. (2) Select two jobs to compare and trigger the comparison. (3) Be shown a table comparing the two jobs, displaying details as following. (4) Be offered to perform another comparison or go back to the main menu. ***6.*** When ranking jobs, a job’s score is computed as the ​weighted​ sum as the function showed.*

- Upon the button is clicked, `showJobList()` will use the **Rank Class** that should `runScore()` and `rankJobs()` by using the **ComparisonSettings Class**, then return the ranking jobs result as a list. Then `selectTwoJobsToCompare()` will only allow the user to select two job offers and invoke **JobCompare Class** that returns a comparing table by `showAllDetails()`. `compareAnother()` allows the user to perform another comparison, `returnToMainMenu()` allows the user to return back to the **MainMenu Class**.   
